update documentation for power automate (#814)
netwrix/docs: docs/directorymanager/11.1/admincenter/workflow/powerautomate/integrate.md

- **Trigger a flow from** Directory Manager - To achieve this, you have to link a workflow in an
  identity store to a Power Automate flow. When the Directory Manager workflow triggers, the
  linked flow triggers automatically.

## Trigger a Flow from Directory Manager

You can link a workflow in an identity store to a flow. You can link both system and user-defined
workflows to flows.

- As a one-time process, connect your identity store to Microsoft Power Automate. See the
  [Connect an Identity Store to Power Automate](#connect-an-identity-store-to-power-automate) topic.
- Link a workflow to a flow by providing the URL of that flow in the workflow. See the
  [Link an Identity Store Workflow to a Flow](#link-an-identity-store-workflow-to-a-flow) topic.

Consequently, when the identity store workflow triggers, the linked flow triggers automatically.

:::note
When you approve the flow in Power Automate, Directory Manager automatically approves the
identity store workflow request. However, if you approve the identity store workflow request
first, Power Automate doesn't automatically approve the flow.
:::

### Before you begin

> 1. Check the SSL certificate for the Directory Manager server and ensure it is valid and issued by a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check the SSL certificate for the Power Automate Reverse Proxy and ensure it is valid and issued by a
```

Author: Updated
